Projust Name: Shrine House
Links: Shrine.House, Twitter.com/shrinehouse
White Paper: whitepaper.shrine.house
-
-
Goal: Our goal is to provide sustainable unique economic systems for both artists and users. 
A secondary goal is keeping the barrier of entry low for new comers to the crypto space by hosting fun, community events. 
Success, to us, is measured by the amount of artists we can help and creating a strong investment environment for investors.
At Shrine House we believe that the biggest asset an enterprise can have are the people it is comprised of. 
For us that means artists, producers, engineers as well as the users that build the Shrine House community. 
We have developed a platform that ensures artists are supported in a symbiotic relationship with the community members who invest in them. 
This human-centered approach places Shrine House within the vanguard of the future of blockchain technologies as the first decentralized, 
community governed record label. A record label where users share in the glory and profit from an artist’s success. 
A record label where artists are no longer having 80% of their revenue taken by a centralized corporation. 
Decentralization was created to tear down barriers and limitations found in the old way of doing business. 
It’s our belief that Shrine House is the next logical step forward. 

Team: At the executive levelGuy Pirelli and Tim Frost create a a dynamic, ambitious team. 
Pirelli's experience in the music industry coupled with Frost's technical knowledge of finance and coding systems makes for the perfect pairing of creative problem solving and technical solutions. 
Tim Frost is a middleware and backend Java developer who dabbles in PHP, NodeJS and React just to keep it interesting. 
He’s passionate about startups, agile methodology and finding elegant solutions to complex problems. 
He has a BA in finance and entrepreneurship from the University of St. Thomas and a MS in Computer Science from Boston University. 
He’s been in FinTech for 9 years and is currently a full time Scrum Master based out of Minneapolis where he lives with his four kids

Technicals, Timeline and Tokenomics: See whitepaper, please.

Funding: We are asking for $100,000 to assist us in hiring a fulltime blockchain developer to help with the back-end functionality or our Dao.




